Xu Yuqin, Xu Yuqin
I didn’t expect you today
Ha ha ha ha
No need to look
There will definitely be no one to save people when they come to this place.
Mom will definitely come to save me hum
Are you still counting on that piece of shit?
Stop dreaming
This little bitch is so naughty
Selling for hundreds of thousands won’t be a problem, huh?
Don't waste it
Sign this body-selling device
I'll send you abroad to enjoy happiness
I don't borrow
I think you're not very smart
Are you unclear?
You have to sign it
You have to sign even if you sign
ah
Wife
This machine
Hypocrisy is natural
If not for this death
The bitch is trying to compete between me and the antelope.
I have long been a rich wife
It's obvious that you love vanity
Always acting like a hooligan
I don't have the same experience as you, a mistress.
What's more, the man you serve later
More than me
Humph, I won’t agree even if I die.
You need to think it over carefully
Behind me is the Fan family
If you don't sign
It’s like the Fan family killed people
It's as easy as squeezing an ant to death
Lin Ya and I just want to live an ordinary life
Why do you keep biting us?
snort
It's just that bitch woman
Provoke the wrong people
cut
Xu Yuqin, Xu Yuqin
I didn't expect you today
Hahahaha
Do not look
Come to this place and no one will save people
Mother will definitely come to save me
Do you still expect that bad guy?
Stop dreaming
This little bitch is so hot
It is not a problem to sell for hundreds of thousands.
Do not waste it.
Sign this body seller
I will send you abroad to enjoy yourself
I do not borrow
I do not think you are very smart.
Are you not sure?
You have to sign
Ah!
Wife
This landline?
False feelings are born
If it weren't for this death
Bitch fights between me and the antelope
I am also a rich wife
It is clear that you love vanity
Been playing hooligan
I do not have the same knowledge as you, little three
Not to mention the man you serve later
More than me
Hmph, I will not agree to die
You have to think about it.
Behind me is the Fan family
If you do not sign
The Fan family killed people
It is as simple as pinching an ant to death.
Lin Ya and I just want to live a normal life
Why do you keep biting us?
Humph
Blame it on the woman who is the dog
You provoke the wrong person.
cut